# CS-360-REPO
<p> This project is an event tracking application designed to allow users to add, remove, and manage events in a simple manner. The application is composed of 3 primary screens: log-in/registration, SMS notification sign-up, and event view. When approaching this problem, I sought to come up with an application that is both simple and comprehensive, in that the user is able to view their data in its entireity in a simple manner. To achieve this, I planned to have as few activity changes as possible by including the ability to add and manage events from the event view page so that changes can be made while the user can see what other events they have upcoming. While I believe the implementation could need improvement, I believe that being able to view your schedule while making changes helps streamline the user experience.</p>
<p> In order to ensure that the application worked as intended, I worked through several iterations of my code and opted to unit test. Unit testing helped me ensure that each piece functioned as intended and helped make the integration of each piece go smoothly, even when issues arose. The most significant hurdle I had to overcome when attempting to complete this project was getting my SQLlite database to properly populate my table view. Once I did get it to work, I attempted to implement several designs for presenting my data, ultimately opting for a scrollable table. I feel that the end product makes me proud as it is a good demonstration of overcoming hurdles through careful design and adjusting where necessary.</p>
